Historically our human civilization had progressed by learning how to extract and exploit denser forms of concentrated material energy. Usually through a mining process, digging up pockets of stored energy in the forms of methane gas, bituminous oil products, or radioactive elements. All of which we concentrate and coalecse into a volatile and readily usable form that is easily injected into our historically established method of energy production and distrobution.

The CPC is different. it's similar to the method of distributed production that is inherent in solar PV panels.

What the CPC does is concentrate light onto a collection surface for the purpose of moving that heat energy to a useful device. Our planetary energy provider (The Sun) is responsible for most, if not all, of the energy we use on a daily basis. The only difference being that the products of our star's hard work have been trapped in liquidious and mineral pockets that we need to dig up in order to extract the stored energy within.

Heres a statistic that youve probably never heard. The monthly electrical demand of an american citizen was 886 kilowatt hours per month. Fortuneately mother nature provided a convienent number to reference. Solar insolation (which is the energy soming from the sun for each square meter) is just over 1 Kilowatt per square meter. Specifically is 1380 but averaged out with clouds and latitude, 1000w/m² is a nice round number to follow. So the next calculation of any inquisitive mind would be, how many square meters are required to maintain a modern american lyfestile?

1kw per hour*daylight hours*Root mean square*Days in a month (? which month) equals? 1k*12*1.414*30.437=516,455kWh/m²/year Let me do it the other way too. 1kw per hour/m²*one quarter of a circle (1/4)*24*365.25 days equals? 2,191,500 kWh. well clearly im not very good at math. let's see what I missed. oh it's the inverse of root 2. lets try again: 1kW/m²*12*0.707*30.437=258,227 and a half. well clearly i need to work on my maths skills, but any engineer would agree my last two answers are within one order of magnitude. And heres the kicker, if I can prove that the efficiency of the CPC is adequate to satisfy the needs of the people we're talking about, within the constraints of the amount of privately owned land and publicly owned land (maybe), This hypothesys would confirm that the United States of America is actually energy independent and no longer needs to "bring democracy" to foreign countries that didn't ask for help.

after watching a youtube video, I've learned that I=P/A where I=irridance in Wm-2 P=power and A=area

My math is bad so anyone that can correct me, please do.

To be clear, the CPC does not make energy, it only directs it to a collection device where it can be utilized in a constructive manner.
